Hey Andy. Hi everybody. Hi Andy. Hi everybody. Welcome to Drops Alina. Audience, feedback
show. Welcome to all of you whether you're listening or watching. We are recording this in the QI offices in
Hoban. My name is Andrew Hunter Murray here at Dan Shriver in James Harkin. I didn't need to do this
bit. Do I? Everyone's already knows what we do. Yeah. It's nice to remind people. It's nice to remind
people. If you're a first time at Drops Alina, welcome. We've got some tasty treats that we're going to
dish up now. This is the worst in about 40 shows. This is the worst I've ever done it. So far.
It was about average for you. Thank you very much. I thought you were going strong there actually.
Okay. Well, we've had a busy old time in the inbox. Great. The inbox is bulging. Yes. Let's have
some of the best emails from the last couple of weeks. So here is this is big hook time which
is a new thing I've introduced. Okay. This is where we specifically me in this case. I've got
something genuinely wrong and it pains me. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Adam Webb writes. It pains me to write
this email. Oh, it's pained everyone. Oh, this is the worst case scenario. I know. I was listening
to the recent episode with Rachel Paris. Unfortunately, believe there has been an error. Uh-oh. And he
claimed there were sandwiches at the Boston Tea Party. Okay. I'm with this. Yeah. Because the
Earl of Sandwich was there and in fairness to you, you were told this by someone else. This was a
format inbox message. Yes, but I then looked it up. And anyway, as someone who recently moved to
Boston, I was thrilled. I couldn't wait to use this silly fact to endear myself to the Bostonians.
But I did a little digging and I believe the source of this fact may have mixed up their John Montague's.
So two people called John Montague. Who would have thought? I know. The Earl of Sandwich was most
likely in London at the time. And there are detailed correspondence records showing that it's not
at the Boston Tea Party. So either Sandwich invented air travel and told no one. Very funny, Adam.
Or he was most likely just not in Boston. Oh, wow. It's a fair point. Or he had someone doing his
correspondence. Well, there was someone a second John Montague in Boston. Okay. So scratch that. Yep.
Who was the great, great grandson of the first Earl of Manchester. Fun fact. And head of Britain's
North American fleet. And he wrote two letters from Boston. So he was probably there to witness
the BTP or Boston Tea Party. So I'm so sorry, Adam. I'm sorry, everyone. I'm really fluffed that. Great.
Digging, though, Mr. Webb. Really good digging. Yeah. Yeah. Really nice. Here's an I'm actually
from Safia Flurry. Great name. A little correctional addition to the fact sent in by Edward Maloy
Norwich is the only city in history to be excommunicated. Oh, yeah. We had this on a little fish.
Yes, it was. They trashed the church or something. And the Pope said, you're not coming back into
the church until you fix it. And they never did. Well, Safia just says it's the only English city
excommunicated. Okay. It's a little, I'm actually a little bit of bonus stuff to lose Venice,
Bologna and Florence, Bologna and Florence. And also the Spanish village of Trasmoth.
Don't ride it. Because I said it perfectly. In northern Spain, was excommunicated in 1511,
ostensibly for its tolerance of witchcraft. Pope Julius II placed a curse on the town.
That doesn't seem right. Okay. It's quite spicy for a Pope, isn't it, to be going around
placing curses? Yeah. It feels like you're allowed to not pray for people. It doesn't feel like
you're allowed to curse. What was the curse? Do we know? No, but apparently, I don't think we do,
but apparently it's never been officially lifted. Does it need a Pope to lift it? Maybe. Yeah, I don't
think you can just lift it. Definitely overreaching, if you're going to say, yeah, that thing that that
Pope did doesn't count anymore. That's right. Should we do it now? I think if all three of us do it,
lift the curse on Trasmoth. Lifto. Well, I feel like it's not going to work until we learn how to
pronounce the name of the sound point. I think whoever is up there in the sort of decided who's
cursed and who isn't cursed is going to get very confused. It's very unclear. It's very unclear.
But I mentioned this email in particular because of Safi's last point, which is that it played to
their advantage because rumors of ghostly spirits kept officials away when the townspeople began
counter-fitting coins. That's funny. Today it holds an annual witchcraft festival and the village's
other attraction is a monument to Manuel Halon Corominas, supposed inventor of the mop and bucket.
Wow. Now, question. Did he invent the mop and the bucket? Or did someone else invent the mop?
Someone else invented the bucket and he just bought the two tickets. You're right. You're right.
You're all the sandwich only brought together the bread and the cheese and the ham. What happened
was, James? He had a mop and he tripped and fell one day while holding it and it fell into a little
depression in the ground where it had rained overnight and that led to him accidentally discovering the
bucket. Wow. Isn't that great? What an ending to an email as well. An ending.
Right. We come to our fortnightly Hooters correspondent section.
So what happened was I came up the idea of starting a restaurant with soft core pornography
on the screens because then people would pay less attention to the food. Someone said, James,
you've invented Hooters and now a third person has stuck their aura in. We, I think, said that we
could open Hooters in the UK. And we were unsure about whether there already was a Hooters in the UK.
We've had some clarifications. Asha Goff says, "The first ever Hooters in the UK opened in Nottingham.
It has moved to the other side of the street since then and was opened by Catherine Ryan."
Oh, yeah. Catherine used to work. I thought she worked there in Canada, but so that was the UK.
I think she did. No, no. She worked there in Canada. Then came over here, became a celebrity and then
was invited to open a new store. Okay. Well, actually, no. She worked as one of the Hooters in Canada.
Waitresses. No, in the UK in Nottingham, but she wasn't officially opening it because then she was not
a famous long time ago. So she is in the PR images, but it's not like Catherine Ryan's opening Hooters.
It's more we're opening a Hooters here, all the staff, and one of them is Catherine Ryan.
Only one Hooters in the UK? Jade Milton adds. There are additional Hooters in Newcastle and Liverpool.
Right. So we're up to at least three and it's one of those, I think we draw a line under the
Hooters chat now. Yeah, if you know of another town which has a Hooters, don't write in because that's
easily good, good level information. If you've worked there and you have something important to add,
do write in. Yes, yes, yes, if I've got it wrong about Catherine Ryan and when she became famous
enough that she could open a branch of Hooters in her own right, please do, please do write in. All right.
Do you want a rodeo clown or a secret squid? Yeah, rodeo clown is the big, that's the big meat.
The big meat, the big, which used to be called big meat in the show. What a secret squid.
That's a new thing I've created for this week. Okay. It's a secret person. You're going to get these
both. It's which order do you want them? Let's go for the big subject. Okay. It's rodeo clown time.
I'm going to read an email from Diana Quick and she represents, I would say, at least 35 people
in the fish on box at the moment. Okay. Is that her name or are you going to read it fast?
Very good. Very good. She's called Diana Quick. Thank you. I'm expecting you've probably had
lots of messages about this. We have Diana. We have. But in case not, on the most recent episode of
Little Fish, Lauren Kramer sent an effect that landlocked Oklahoma had more shoreline than the
contiguous USA hosts poo pooed this because of the long coastline of Alaska. I think one host in
particular did the poo pooing. It's very nice of you to throw yourself off that, James. It was done.
However, Alaska is not one of the contiguous states, the lower 48, which is all 50 bar Hawaii and
Alaska. So the fact may still be incorrect, but not for the reason stated. So you sent me this and
warned me that this was going to happen. And I think the Oklahoma fact has sent him by Lauren is
correct now. I believe because I managed to find the actual lengths of all the different coastlines.
And the official length of all the shorelines in Oklahoma. And I think it's just a mere culper.
It's a mistake. Mistaking continental for contiguous and I shouldn't really have done that because
I think I failed to say the word contiguous about five times. But I also think the problem was,
and this is something we find on QI all the time, is when you are pedantically correcting someone else's
fact, that is always when you're likely to make a mistake. You're painting that target on your back.
Is that like Murphy's laws a term for things? Anything that can be wrong. We'll go wrong. What's this?
What's the QI law? Well, I thought I might call it Harkins law. But I think one of the problems with
that episode was I called the episode you've been Harkin, which almost doubled down. James, almost
almost every one of the 35 emails we've had so far has contained in the subject lines some reference
to, no, you've been Harkin. You Harkin yourself. Harkin gets Harkin. It's a fair play. Fair play. So, you know,
we don't get everything right. Like nobody does. I think it might be, it's not clear, right? What
the really interesting thing is why Oklahoma has such a large number of lakes. And it's all because
they built constructed hundreds of man-made lakes, mostly in the 1930s, because they'd had the dust
bowl. And there was a thing called the Federal Flood Act in 1936, you could get money for building
dams and reservoirs and hydroelectric power, all of this. So that is the reason it's this huge
boom of construction of fake lakes. Is this what the musicals about? It must be. I can't imagine
something more interesting, but this musical to be about. Also, we had someone writing in saying,
actually, if you count all the rivers in Oklahoma as shoreline, and at that point, I didn't say no, hang on,
like we did make a mistake, but absolutely not. Yeah. No one says I went to the coast. Which rid of
the coast? Did you go to? Oh, just the river. Come on. No, mate. Yeah. Let's take it easy. Anyway,
I think one of the problems I had is that a lot of the ways that this fact is worded are wrong.
Right. So when you go online and you search it, you get loads of websites of people saying,
ah, this thing about Oklahoma, where they say we have more shoreline than any of the state. So,
for instance, lots of other states have lots of lakes. So, you know, that kind of works out. So lots of
the ways that it's phrased are not true, but I think the way that Lauren phrased it, I think,
is true. I think it's right. Apologies, Lauren. Did you find the website Oklahoma Myths?
That was a good one. Yes, I did. Yeah. It was good, wasn't it? Yeah, yeah.
Right. Now you've eaten your greens. It's time for the secret squid pudding.
Okay. What's the secret squid mean? It's people who are working in secret environments,
who are getting in touch. And we've had a few of these. We had someone listening,
no, reading your book down on a nuclear submarine. Yes, we had someone. It's worrying the people
who are in charge of nuclear submarines. Yeah, it's all just going out. Fire the torpedo.
We spot it like we're now at war with Russia. Fire the tornado. Now that someone's there reading,
sorry, I've just read some amazing, I don't know that Jesus Christ was a mushroom.
Anyway, did we have another secret squid? We did. Someone wrote in from a secret U.S. facility.
And I can't remember why, but that was... It was the people who were training dolphins to
have to weapons also. We had some of that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, here's one,
from an anonymous correspondent who says, "I fly the Hawk T2 jet aircraft in the Royal
Air Force." Can't be many of them. Can't be many. But this is about explosive furniture,
as our correspondent puts it, which is the ejection seat. And we have mentioned it once. We've
done an intersection about ejection seats. Many years ago, I think. Yeah. But this is crazy.
During ejection, the pilot will experience around 15 to 25G of acceleration as they're
launched clear of the aircraft. This can often lead to ejectees being made permanently shorter in height.
You're like in a cartoon where they're like a concertina or something. Is that permanently?
Permanently. Your spine has just gone boom. And then they should make like reverse ejector seats
that fire you back into the plane and stretch you back. Yes, yes. I just think that's stunning.
How much shorter? It doesn't say. It's not going to be on foot. It's going to be on foot shorter.
They have to do a whole new uniform for you when you're on the grass. Fun fact, Sabrina Carpensor
has been ejected out of airplanes four times. She started out in the NBA. That's wild, isn't it?
I know. And our correspondent adds, when we're discussing ejection at work, we often try to avoid
the e-word as it is a command word to initiate ejection when talking to other crew in an aircraft.
You can't even say it if you're discuss it. You can't discuss it and say the word because it's like
bang, oh, you've gone. So instead we use terms like bang out, pull the handle and get a free tie.
Oh yeah, because there's the ejection club. Great stuff. I would love to know how many people
have been accidentally ejected purely because mid-conversation. Someone said the word ejection.
I thought they were trained better than that. No, that's the problem. They're trained so well.
All right. While we're up in the air, Johnny Noak writes, just finished listening to the latest
little fish on the issue of glass bottom transport. So Dan invented glass bottom boats, of course.
And then we came up with the idea of glass bottom airplanes. Yeah. Well, Johnny writes,
I have been on a glass bottom helicopter ride over the East River in New York City and I nearly
SH Asterisk T might certainly really shot yourself. You can really see the waves while flying over the
river. I really don't think you all down would like to see the sea or runway under an aircraft.
You're correct. What about me? Correctly dies that you're made of tough stuff, I think.
Oh, that is true. You've been up in helicopters a lot. I love it. Yeah. So I think you're tough enough.
Yeah. And also with my wife flying them, which does take some bolts.
It's wild. She's always stopping for directions. No, I mean, like she's an extremely good pilot,
but I think when it's someone you know, it's a little bit more. I don't know.
Seeing anyone you know doing something really technically accomplished is impressive and a bit scary
because you're like, oh, what if my what if I accidentally, yeah, press a button by mistake or
distract them more, you know. Yeah. Also, I don't know about your date nights, but there's always a very
like annoying argument that just comes up and I wouldn't want to be over the English channel
in a helicopter when you're talking about. Well, I can say that when we fly with my wife in the
helicopter, sometimes she'll just say, sorry, I haven't been listening to you. I turned your microphone
off because I had to concentrate because the sound of the helicopter so loud, you can only
talk through the microphones. Yeah. And so if she doesn't want to hear what I'm saying,
she just turns by my cough. Wow. That's why she wanted to become a pilot.
If only you all could become pilots. That's really funny. That's one of the big annoying things when
they portray helicopters in films, isn't it? You just see people having a chat and it's no chatting.
Yeah. All right. Anonymous pervert of the week. New section. Yeah. Megan writes.
Well, they've not got the idea of anonymity. No, I've been cheeky. I've checked with Megan and
she said, don't read my surname. Okay. Okay. So this email contains a few layers of TMI,
so apologies in advance. In a recent episode, James mentioned he once kept close of garlic in his
socks to see if you'll be able to taste it. Yep. As you did. Yeah. That was one of my, just about
I'd first joined. I was like, who's this maverick with garlic in his socks? But it was. It's probably
the G series, actually. You're doing that. Maybe I can't remember when I did it. Well, just after I
moved to London. Yeah. Or Megan writes. That didn't work, but I do know of an alternate route that does
brackets one last warning for TMI. Oh dear. Okay. There's only so many places you can put this garlic.
Many years ago, I had to take some antibiotics and as often happens for women, I could feel a bit of
a secondary yeast infection coming on due to the microbiome upset. I remembered a moment from an
edible plants course in college when the instructor went off script and casually mentioned that a
clove of garlic inserted into the vagina overnight could cure a yeast infection.
Curious? I'm pretty sure it wouldn't harm. I also scares up. Hormy vampires. Absolutely.
I got a peel clove and popped it in. Yep. Within about 20 minutes, I could taste and smell garlic.
Oh wow. Yeah. It was so strong, my husband could smell it on my breath. No. The mucus membranes
were very efficient at absorbing the garlic into my bloodstream. I ended up not having to take any
additional meds for yeast overgrowth and the experiment was easy to dislodge and all round winning
my book. Well, I would just say on behalf of Jen Gunter who is often seen in the newspapers and
says do not put anything in your vagina that doesn't belong there. I think I'm channeling her now
and she's going to say do not put garlic in your vagina. I think that's a really good, I just don't
think we can advise people to do it. No. But on her breath, is that, yeah, that feels... Yeah,
because it gets into your system, right? How many is that because it's a very specific type of food
or could you put? I'm thinking game show. What does your wife... I've got down there. You've got one
sniff of her mouth. It's Ginstus. Which Ginstus? That's really good. Oh, yeah. It's a game show. It's a
game show. But you need to find a way for the husbands to play it as well. We have if they're winning
lots of money. No, you need to put... Sorry, you need to have a Ginstus past your bum. Does it worry
that way? I don't know. I don't know if in the Aedis produces the same thing. No, I don't know, I don't
know. You would expect so. Ah, but if I could get 2000 quid, I'm just going hobnobbs, I'm in.
2000. Such a low bar, career ruinedingly embarrassing moment on TV. We found Dad's price.
And there's no travel expenses there either. That comes out of his own pocket. That's between me and
for no one. Oh, yeah. Got to pay for the garlic as well. Oh, dear. For one month's relief on the mortgage.
Well, good Lord. Okay, so thank you, Megan. It's top tip, but when we can't, we legally, like
ethically shouldn't pass on. Absolutely. So put it from your minds. Justin Murant says, just finished
listening to episode six and nine. Thought you might find it interesting to know there are, in fact,
two Laurel and Hardy museums in the world. Thank you. In fairness, Andy did say there should be a
maximum of two. Yes, it's true. Yeah. And the other one is where Hardy was born in the States.
Justin says, I still haven't been, but I see the sign for it every time I drive to Augusta. Dave
Ryanettes, it was great to hear my hometown of Olveston get a mention on the pod and it's indeed
the birthplace of Stan Laurel. And the town has wholeheartedly embraced all things Laurel and Hardy.
And Dave has sent a selection of photos of Laurel and Hardy based stuff in the town.
Good statues. There is a statue. The house sold it from your house. Yeah. How tall we had a
sort of hype restriction that are as they had to be sort of like that. Oh, statue hats really.
Statue hats. Yeah. Yeah. Because for flat dwellers, you know, people who don't have a big garden,
but a statue of Stan Laurel. That was a stunning moment. For anyone who's not heard it, listen to the
Amy Glitter episode. We're down reveals that in 2003. Yeah. I was in Kosovo and a friend of my
grandmother's was opening up a couple of cafes. And while we're all chatting, we landed on the idea
of Laurel and Hardy. So Laurel would be the ice cream bar and down the road was Hardy. So it was two
locations. I mentioned this to my wife and she just said, that wasn't that long after the war.
What can we do to bring this fractured place back together? It was an amazing place to be.
Post-war. It's hard to explain if you've never been in a post-war country. The jubilation of people
that thing is over. It was quite. Yeah. It was pretty remarkable. Yeah. So so much so they were
willing to go along with any insane idea for a cafe. But can you guess what the florist shop in
Alvester is called? Laurel and Hardy? Got it in one. Okay.
Dave. Laurel, I mean, Laurel is a type of plant and Hardy perennials is also a type of plant.
Absolutely. I was going to go for Laurel and Hardy. That's really good.
Names, names, names. Graeme McPherson just points out that ref surnames that are UK towns and cities
glaring a mission of Crocodile Dundee. Okay. For another big person. Yep. And Rodrigo Pimentel,
writes, I believe this is all the way from Brazil. You mentioned someone named Hamburger and said,
none of you knew anyone else by that name. Well, a friend of my family is not only called Hamburger.
His first name is Cal. Cal Hamburger. It's spelled C-A-O, but it's Brazilian. It's pronounced
Cal. Hey, here's a name fact. There's an interesting one that I only learned today. Curacao.
Oh, yeah. Curacao is an island in the Caribbean and they've just qualified for the World Cup.
And their manager is called Dick Advocat. And Curacao, an advocate of both types of Dutch liquor.
Oh, amazing. Isn't that cool? That is cool. That's so good. I'm sure I've got a bottle of blue,
but it's blue Curacao. Yeah, yeah. Got a bottle of that. Knocking around at home. Lovely stuff.
Very nice. As you consistently with one inch messing from the top because you buy it,
you make one drink, you make Americans stay there for the next 10 years. I got a name one as well
that they came across. Drew Barrymore, her name is basically a double barrel surname.
She's from two prominent families. One is called the Barrymore. The other had the surname Drew,
and they given her that name, but she did not have a first name. No, but they became Barrymore's
a few down, but they are two family trees that are quite famous within Hollywood. The Barrymore,
yeah, they're really famous Hollywood family aren't there? There's loads of Barrymore. John Barrymore.
Yeah, exactly. Are you ready for a picture? Yeah. Melissa Hogan writes,
"I listened to you in my recent episode with Rachel Paris and you guys spoke about the
levelable Beethoven dog." Oh, yeah, yeah. For reasons I can't remember, I recently came across the
attached listing on Facebook Marketplace. I'm going to slide this over to you guys. Just tell me what
you're seeing. Wow, this is the original animatronic Beethoven dog puppets. Yes, not all of it.
Unfortunately, does not include the head. Good god. It's a decapitated robot dog. It's quite something.
Imagine if you came down one morning and you're a pet dog, look like that. Wow. Isn't that amazing?
That is cool. I wonder what scenes have the animatronic Beethoven been used?
Hey, Dan, after you've done that game show, you can buy two of those.
If I win.
Is the idea. Because you've got to be kept separate from your spouse for a good long while before
the show, so you can't communicate with each other. No, no, no, no, it's fine because the,
yeah, I guess the production is, actually, we have stayed as 20 minutes, 20 minutes, 20 minutes.
So the production is providing the food and a room for it to go. Oh, sorry, we are going to bill
you for the food. Oh, God, it has to be something cheap then. I don't want half the budget.
Now I'm going to win going on some expensive food. It's very raucous this one. That's amazing,
the Beethoven dog. Now we come to sausage corner. We talked about chocolate sausages.
Yeah, your favorite. It's your, your craft. It's my pister resistance. Yeah, it's my Christmas
treat for the whole family. A chocolate salami. David Neiman writes, "Your most recent podcast
title, no such thing as a chocolate sausage, caught my eye." As per the subject, there is such a thing
as a chocolate sausage. I'm a sausage purveyor in Canada and we have an honest,
a good, non-desert chocolate sausage. So I think this is technically advertising being
sneaked into lots of life. But we have been offered, excitingly, some chocolate sausage if we do
go to Toronto. Oh, okay. So there you go. Toronto. Yeah, me too. Me too. Toronto. Toronto.
That's how they pronounce it, isn't it? I'll dial right here. Oh, no. Molly McEnany ads.
There is a Silicon Valley industry which has been dominated by one family for generations. The
New York style sausage industry apparently is a huge Silicon Valley business which makes New York
style sausage, but in California. Okay. Yeah. Maybe the style sausage. Do we know what that is?
I don't, but I've never eaten a sausage in New York. I don't think I'm sure I have.
Like hot dogs, I guess? I've had hot dogs at spotting events there. I can feel you all wanting
to write in. Don't worry, I'll Google it after. Making it sound like we don't want any emails.
And we do. I love the emails. I love the emails. But you know, when you just feel
aware, like, oh, a floodgate is opening here. Yeah. And I like genuinely. I crave it. It's so much
from being in the inbox. But if you tell you what, if you've ever made a New York style sausage,
drop us a line. Yeah. There we go. Yeah. Rick Lapuadeva. What a great name. Rick Lapuadeva.
He sounds like he's Canadian. Could be. One for Andy here. I've made chocolate salami too,
but disguised mind for a pleasant Christmas day treat. I'm going to hand this over to you. And I
just like you to see how well Rick has disguised his chocolate salami. As a poo. Oh, is it? You know
what? I can't really quite tell what that is. Yeah. I know. The printer is like a chocolate log.
The printer is not very good at rendering cakes. I can assure you.
So what is the idea of his meal? The design. It is. It's a poo. What's the white mushroom?
There's a mushroom. That's a mushroom. Sorry. I think with leaves. And yeah, we've got it now. Sorry,
it is it is slightly a bad printing. It's like this is a forest floor. Basically, forest floor. Yeah.
Well, the viewer will be seeing it on the screen right now. Yeah. And it's an extraordinary
thing to be presented with. Love it. It's very beautiful. It is stunning. But
it's absolutely horrific. I'm sorry. I'm going to say I got to say when you get to like a series
eight, nine or ten of your pudding food in your passages, once you're getting to
chocolate poo's up there, then it becomes very meta. Yeah. The show is.
It's the ultimate double bluff.
That's if they did it on Taskmaster. That's what it would be, wouldn't it?
Alex Hahn just doing a little trick. I was worried that I wasn't going to cry with laughter.
Trigger sounds. It feels wrong to end without it happening at some point, though.
There's an email from Kim Klauson, who brilliantly calls herself Pacific Kim.
Because she knows I like Pacific Brits. Yeah, very good.
Who mentions there has been a show made by the creators of Game of Thrones about the assassination
of President Garfield. Oh, I saw this. Yeah, yeah. I don't think it's out in the UK. Yeah.
Maybe not. I don't know. This show is called Death by Lightning.
Interesting. My old nickname. It's about a time traveler from a podcast in the UK.
He goes back. He's at a Mongolian death worm who doesn't say. But Kim points out it's about the
ass assassination of President Garfield. Yep. Because he ended up eating. Yeah. And Chris Busch says,
"He's watched the show." Chris Busch has watched the show and writes in saying there was no mention
whatsoever, not even a passing whisper of how our poor Garfield spent his final days eating through
his anus, not a frame, not a line, not even a respectful nod. Do we know if anyone
smelt his breath after he had a meal? Dr. Dr. Willough bless. Dr. Willough bless.
Dr. Willough goes up to his mouth and goes, "Gig squirrel soup, definitely squirrel soup, maybe some eggs."
Well, the bad news is you're going to die. The good news is Dr. Dr. Willough bless is one two thousand dollars.
Yeah, I did see that movie, that series and I'm really excited to watch it. Yeah. But just don't expect
anything about the truth as we know it. The main event. And on our final presidential
assassination bit, James Kerry adds, "We mentioned the bed where President Lincoln died."
Yes. Would you saw? I visited it. Yeah. Well, did you know that the room where John Wilkes Booth
planned the assassination of Lincoln is now a Chinese karaoke joint called "Walk and Roll."
So good. Yeah. Do you get a Booth to do the karaoke? Very good. Take the rest of the week off.
Okay. See you later. Thanks so much. Right into podcast@ky.com.
That's a great premise for a podcast that you can only leave if you've made an absolute zigger.
And it's just going to let your stuck the last one in the room. Hello. Welcome to episode 716
of "Take the rest of the week off." I'm, as every week, James Harkin. I'm not joined by anyone
Dunstriver left an episode four and Andrew Huntsomer left an episode seven hundred and four.
But once again, I'll be trying to come up with any old shit.
Oh, dear. Anyway, there you go. That's just a great fact. Lovely. It's nearly home time.
You've all done really well. Carla Dempsey points out that there's a marketing professor at the University
of Toronto School of Management who studied non-alcoholic drinks and he's called David Soberman.
And it brilliant. And Ian BB Edds, the master blender for Johnny Walker, I feel like we didn't
give enough to that Soberman thing. That's very kind of. You kind of ran through it. Yeah. I said
very good. Yeah, I nodded. Honestly, like the levels of response you get on this show from us
is laugh, very good, silent nod. That's the top. What a horrible elitist thing that I did that you
have to upgrade to a higher tier on the Patreon to see my response to that joke. Oh yeah.
People listening to the show when I've heard my nod. Unfortunately not. We've got a little bell on
your forehead. I'm up for it. Yeah. Let's do it. One of the non-determine Ian BB Edds, the master blender
for Johnny Walker Whiskey is a woman called Emma Walker. That's quite good. But her predecessor was Jim
Beveridge. Lovely. Brilliant. Really good. Yeah. That's just a little bit of time in the nominative
determinism dungeon where we end most of our shows. Very good. Yeah.
And that's about it for this episode of Drop of the Line. Ah, so soon. I just so soon. It's flown by.
It was bulging there. You're right. It was. Very good. Thank you so much everyone for listening to.
I'm watching this episode of Drop of the Line and thank you for all your emails. We are podcast
at qi.com. If anything we have said has sparked anything, whether you have extra information, whether
it's an Oklahoma based complaint, we accept them all and we read them all. A little notification.
After we've started doing little fish, the number of emails flooding into the inbox has genuinely
become a flood. So we may no longer be able to reply to every single one and I am very sorry about
that. But I will still be reading them all and putting them together. You're reply to as many as you can.
I'll reply to as many as I can but just just let you down gently in advance. I'm really sorry but it's
it's become I would say torrent into the thin box. But keep it coming because it's really fun and I
love reading. So podcast at qi.com. Thanks very much again for listening to this show and we'll see
you next time. Bye. Bye.
[Music]